The repository of Ben Tanen for COMP-20, Fall 2014

## End-Of-Semester Follow-up:

1. This Git repository served as a place to hold all of my work for the past semester. All of my work, on both assignments and labs, can be seen here and because of the capabilities of `git`, the progress of these assignments can also be seen. Essentially, at the end of the semester, this repo acts as a showcase of my work from COMP-20.
2. My favorite assignment was assignment #3. Coming into COMP-20, I had done a fair amount of work with front-end / client-side work (HTML/CSS, JavaScript/jQuery, etc) so this assignment was my first real work with back-end development. Because of this, assignment #3 was probably the most rewarding assignment because it was on completely new material and allowed me an opportunity to work with this new content. At the end of the assignment, I feel like I have a much better understanding of how servers actually work and how to go about making my own.
3. Throughout all of COMP-20, I think I have grown substantially. Coming into the class, I had previous web programming experience (HTML/CSS & JS/jQuery) but this was my first class in the material. Through the class I learned a lot about the material I already thought I knew and I learned even more about the rest of the topics in web programming. I never would have expected to leave this class knowing so much about so many different things, but I am very glad that I am. Go Ming!
4. The most important thing that I learned in this class was the use of tools like Git/Github, Homebrew, and Curl. All of these tools were things that I had previously heard about and done minor fiddling with. However, it wasn't until this class that I fully learned what they were and the full power of them. I am no where near an expert in any of these tools, but I am very happy to say that I feel confident talking about and using Git, Homebrew, and Curl.
5. Now that the course is finished, I would love to continue doing work in back-end development. This side of web programming was always unknown to me previous to this class, and now that I have had an introduction to the material, I would love to do even more with it. I'll most likely work on something to do with back-end / server development over the winter break to continue to hone my skills.